hey what's up your migos my name is sue
forever and welcome back to another
watchdogs video in today's video we're
gonna be talking about the difficulty
levels a torrent which is secretly
installing a Bitcoin miner on thousands
of computers and lastly vs was 360 and
PlayStation 3 versions of aiden pearce
compared to the PlayStation 4 and PC 1
so we've got loads of cool news in
today's video and if you do go into
enjoying it make sure you guys do punch
that like button that strug is a pic
over 100 flashlights guys that we really
appreciated because we are so close
until the official release date which is
only three days away baby boy without
further ado let's get straight into
today's video
so yet again we have creative director
Jonathan Morin respond back to another
question over on Twitter and the
question was does wash those come with
difficulty settings which we can choose
from if say what are they and Jonathan
replied back by saying yes easy normal
hard and realist and then somebody asks
do you have to unlock for realistic
difficulty and Jonathan said no I think
that would have been a terrible idea
play should play watchdogs ever setting
bay one right off the bat so I
completely agree with Jonathan and I was
and wasn't at the same time thinking
that we will have a difficulty in order
to unlock and we actually did speak
about this in the podcast but yeah and
how we do know and of course we're
realists difficulty is for hardest of
them all so now moving on to the next
piece of news which is about a torrent
secretly installing a Bitcoin miner on
thousands of computers now if you've
been around the world of piracy for
about a day or so you are probably
already familiar with the fact that
sometimes they can come bundled with
viruses well the latest trend in viruses
is secret Bitcoin miners and one of the
most seeded copies of watch laws
available online is reported to also
install a Bitcoin mining virus on the
computer and the virus does cause blue
screen crashes additional power
consumption and deserve through a really
unstable computer so if you have already
downloaded for PC version Ben I really
would recommend you to do a full virus
scan just to be on the safe side and now
lastly moving on to the Xbox 360 /
PlayStation free character models
compared to the PlayStation 4 and PC so
somebody did go ahead and leaked a few
images for all four consoles and
basically just put these images near
each other for people to go ahead and do
a comparison now for copyright reasons
of course I am not allowed to show you
these in this video and I'm not even
allowed to link in description below but
what say I'm going to do is as soon as
this video does go up I'm going to tweet
out the link for you guys to go ahead
and check out so if you want to go ahead
and check out my Twitter I will leave a
link for that down or ascription below
and as you guys are probably aware there
have been low
bleep gameplays going around for both
the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and a lot
of people have been complaining about
the graphics and yesterday I did
actually see a leaked screenshot of a
PlayStation free version and the Xbox
360 and I thought it was actually really
terrible but then I saw some gameplay
and it really didn't look as bad as
everyone was saying in all fairness I
actually think Ubisoft did do a decent
job for the past gen consoles but a lot
of people are saying that the graphics
do look like PlayStation 2 graphics but
I do disagree this and if I had to
compare it to another large an
open-world game I would have to say that
the graphics do look like GTA fours but
that's just my opinion and if you're
allowed to go ahead and check them out
for yourselves like I said I wrote we
tap a link and the link for my Twitter
will be down in the description below so
which console will you be getting
watchdogs on make sure you guys let me
know right now down in the comments
below along with what your thoughts are
on V screenshots as well because I would
love to hear what your thoughts are and
I did upload a really important video
earlier so if you did miss pett I will
leave a link for that as well Daniel
description below by evil wavy stars
bring today's video to an N and I hope
you guys did enjoy this one and if you
are new to the channel thank you for
stopping by please do your best with
scrap on below to stay up to date with
the latest in watchdogs news ideas
updates and all that good stuff they'll
be really appreciated and of course you
will become an amigo and part of the
amazing awesome beautiful team by Heber
way I will see you in my next video
which will be tomorrow run to event guys
hope you have an awesome day and adios
amigos